---
title: "SAP Business Processes Consultant"
collection: experience
date: 2022-03-29
permalink: /experience/SAP
author_profile: false
excerpt: "Business Processes Consultant at the Center of Expertise, Logistics Planning & Procurement Team, June 2021 – Present."
tags:
  - SAP HANA
  - SAP BTP
  - SAP IBP
  - SAP IRPA
  - SAP HANA PAL
  - SAP UI5
---

Abstract
======

<div style="text-align: justify">

Internship: <br><br>
My Master's research used Reinforcement Learning (RL) techniques to learn complex behaviors from human demos (<a href="https://prabhasak.github.io/files/E3-Masters_Thesis_Prabhasa_Kalkur.pdf">Thesis</a>, <a href="https://prabhasak.github.io/files/E3-Masters_Thesis_Prabhasa_Kalkur_Slides.pdf">Slides</a>, <a href="https://vimeo.com/472405835">Video</a>). Subsequently, I joined SAP America, Inc. as an Intern at the Logistics Planning & Procurement Team. Here I developed an RL model for supply chain production-line plan generation (TensorFlow). Extending this work, I implemented an ML-based 'Pattern Optimizer' for Tyson Foods, which can detect rules-based production line patterns and dynamically recommend revenue-optimized production plans (SAP IBP for Response). <br><br>

As an intern, I enhanced Supply Chain Forecasting in SAP Integrated Business Planning (IBP) by leveraging ML techniques from HANA Predictive Analysis Library (PAL) on customer data. I developed an SAP Business Technology Platform (BTP) App and SAP Intelligent Robotic Process Automation (IRPA) Bot to perform parameter optimization for a customer's data and choice of forecast algorithm. The work mostly involved programming in SAP UI5 (Frontend), Python (Backend), and HANA SQL (Database). Outside the SAP framework, I am familiar with algorithms and frameworks for ML/RL, and do most of my programming in Python. I have also developed a recent interest in data science & visualization, familizarizing myself with related tools.

Full-TIme: <br><br>
I have had the opportunity to implement projects and PoCs for industries such as pharmaceuticals (J&J), auto & parts (GM), energy (Suncor), consumer goods (Alicorp), and beverages (The Coca-Cola Company). I also look forward to leveraging my background in Machine Learning to work closely with our in-house Joule AI to automate and further enhance SAP IBP. <br><br>
<!-- Suncor (integration), Alicorp (demand), J&J (inventory), GM (time-series based supply planning), and The Coca-Cola Company (order-based supply planning) -->
</div>